Rebased version of #6703: Remove v2- prefix from command, package, and project docs. (#8020)
haskell/cabal: doc/cabal-commands.rst

    Commands:
    [global]
    update            Updates list of known packages.
    install           Install packages.
    help              Help about commands.

    [package]

>     configure         Add extra project configuration.

Reviewer: This seems rather prominent for a command that feels mostly legacy (to me), I'd suggest moving it with `freeze`, `haddock` etc.

(I rarely if ever use `configure`, typically editing `cabal.project.local` by hand now and then. When I do use it, I tend to be a bit surprised by what it does, but then think "yeah that kind of makes sense".)

Author: well, it is a legitimate v2 command and maybe others use it more frequently. I do for make changes in ci for example.
In any case i would left the remove for another pr.

Reviewer: I didn't mean to remove it, just file it with lower in the section with `freeze`, etc.

Author: oh, the order and grouping follows the `cabal --help` output, base of the otiginal list, or ate least that was the intent

Author: ```
ommands:
[global]
 update            Updates list of known packages.
 install           Install packages.

 help              Help about commands.
 info              Display detailed information about a particular package.
 list              List packages matching a search string.
 fetch             Downloads packages for later installation.
 user-config       Display and update the user's global cabal configuration.

[package]
 get               Download/Extract a package's source code (repository).
 unpack            Deprecated alias for 'get'.
 init              Create a new cabal package.

 configure         Add extra project configuration.
 build             Compile targets within the project.
 clean             Clean the package store and remove temporary files.

 run               Run an executable.
 repl              Open an interactive session for the given component.
 test              Run test-suites.
 bench             Run benchmarks.

 check             Check the package for common mistakes.
 sdist             Generate a source distribution file (.tar.gz).
 upload            Uploads source packages or documentation to Hackage.
 report            Upload build reports to a remote server.

 freeze            Freeze dependencies.
 gen-bounds        Generate dependency bounds.
 outdated          Check for outdated dependencies.
 haddock           Build Haddock documentation.
 hscolour          Generate HsColour colourised code, in HTML format.
 exec              Give a command access to the store.
 list-bin          List the path to a single executable.
```

    build             Compile targets within the project.
    clean             Clean the package store and remove temporary files.

    run               Run an executable.
    repl              Open an interactive session for the given component.
    test              Run test-suites.
    bench             Run benchmarks.

    sdist             Generate a source distribution file (.tar.gz).

    freeze            Freeze dependencies.
    haddock           Build Haddock documentation.
    exec              Give a command access to the store.
    list-bin          List path to a single executable.

    [new-style projects (forwards-compatible aliases)]

>     Since cabal-install-3.0.0.0 all v2 prefixed commands are alias for the default, unprefixed ones.

Reviewer: "aliases"? unsure about the grammar here, but as is it reads a bit weird.

Author: my english is pretty bad, suggestions for rephrasing it would be very welcomed :slightly_smiling_face:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this? "Since cabal-install-3.0.0.0, all 'v2-' prefixed names of commands are just aliases for the simple unprefixed names."

Author: ```suggestion
    Since cabal-install-3.0.0.0, all 'v2-' prefixed names of commands are just aliases for the simple unprefixed names.
```

Reviewer: "Since cabal 3.0, all v2-prefixed commands are aliases for the default unprefixed ones."

^ That's a nicer sentence that I believes conveys the same information. Though I'm a bit unsure whether this is actually useful information or the best way to put it, don't really know what we're trying to say here.

   file. This is supported by ``build``, ``repl``, ``run``, and ``clean``.
   Script targets are not part of a package.

cabal build

> ---------------

Reviewer: this should probably be shortened to the length of the heading? (bunch more instances of this below)
